com/example/experimentify/UserProfileFragment.java
 com.example.experimentify.UserProfileFragment
 com.example.experimentify.UserProfileFragment$1
 com.example.experimentify.UserProfileFragment$2
 com.example.experimentify.UserProfileFragment$3
 com.example.experimentify.UserProfileFragment$4
 com.example.experimentify.UserProfileFragment$5
 com.example.experimentify.UserProfileFragment$6
 com.example.experimentify.UserProfileFragment$7
 com.example.experimentify.UserProfileFragment$8
 com.example.experimentify.UserProfileFragment$9
 com.example.experimentify.UserProfileFragment$OnFragmentInteractionListener
com/example/experimentify/StatsActivity.java
 com.example.experimentify.StatsActivity
com/example/experimentify/Experiment.java
 com.example.experimentify.Experiment
 com.example.experimentify.Experiment$1
 com.example.experimentify.Experiment$2
 com.example.experimentify.Experiment$3
 com.example.experimentify.Experiment$4
 com.example.experimentify.Experiment$GetDataListener
com/example/experimentify/SubscribedActivity.java
 com.example.experimentify.SubscribedActivity
 com.example.experimentify.SubscribedActivity$1
 com.example.experimentify.SubscribedActivity$2
 com.example.experimentify.SubscribedActivity$3
 com.example.experimentify.SubscribedActivity$4
 com.example.experimentify.SubscribedActivity$5
com/example/experimentify/DatabaseSingleton.java
 com.example.experimentify.DatabaseSingleton
com/example/experimentify/MeasurementTrial.java
 com.example.experimentify.MeasurementTrial
com/example/experimentify/qrScanActivity.java
 com.example.experimentify.qrScanActivity
com/example/experimentify/chatAnswerAdaptor.java
 com.example.experimentify.chatAnswerAdaptor
com/example/experimentify/AddExpFragment.java
 com.example.experimentify.AddExpFragment
 com.example.experimentify.AddExpFragment$1
 com.example.experimentify.AddExpFragment$2
 com.example.experimentify.AddExpFragment$3
 com.example.experimentify.AddExpFragment$OnFragmentInteractionListener
com/example/experimentify/ParticipantsActivity.java
 com.example.experimentify.ParticipantsActivity
 com.example.experimentify.ParticipantsActivity$1
 com.example.experimentify.ParticipantsActivity$2
 com.example.experimentify.ParticipantsActivity$3
com/example/experimentify/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.experimentify.BuildConfig
com/example/experimentify/chatQuestionController.java
 com.example.experimentify.chatQuestionController
com/example/experimentify/LocalUserSingleton.java
 com.example.experimentify.LocalUserSingleton
com/example/experimentify/chatAnswer.java
 com.example.experimentify.chatAnswer
com/example/experimentify/chatQuestion.java
 com.example.experimentify.chatQuestion
com/example/experimentify/UserOptionsFragment.java
 com.example.experimentify.UserOptionsFragment
 com.example.experimentify.UserOptionsFragment$1
 com.example.experimentify.UserOptionsFragment$2
 com.example.experimentify.UserOptionsFragment$3
 com.example.experimentify.UserOptionsFragment$4
 com.example.experimentify.UserOptionsFragment$OnFragmentInteractionListener
com/example/experimentify/chatQuestionActivity.java
 com.example.experimentify.chatQuestionActivity
 com.example.experimentify.chatQuestionActivity$1
 com.example.experimentify.chatQuestionActivity$2
 com.example.experimentify.chatQuestionActivity$3
com/example/experimentify/Location.java
 com.example.experimentify.Location
 com.example.experimentify.Location$1
com/example/experimentify/ExperimentController.java
 com.example.experimentify.ExperimentController
 com.example.experimentify.ExperimentController$1
 com.example.experimentify.ExperimentController$2
com/example/experimentify/chatAnswerController.java
 com.example.experimentify.chatAnswerController
com/example/experimentify/CountTrial.java
 com.example.experimentify.CountTrial
com/example/experimentify/TrialController.java
 com.example.experimentify.TrialController
com/example/experimentify/BinomialTrial.java
 com.example.experimentify.BinomialTrial
com/example/experimentify/chatAnswerActivity.java
 com.example.experimentify.chatAnswerActivity
 com.example.experimentify.chatAnswerActivity$1
 com.example.experimentify.chatAnswerActivity$2
 com.example.experimentify.chatAnswerActivity$3
 com.example.experimentify.chatAnswerActivity$4
 com.example.experimentify.chatAnswerActivity$GetDataListener
com/example/experimentify/chatQuestionAdaptor.java
 com.example.experimentify.chatQuestionAdaptor
com/example/experimentify/SearchResults.java
 com.example.experimentify.SearchResults
 com.example.experimentify.SearchResults$1
 com.example.experimentify.SearchResults$2
 com.example.experimentify.SearchResults$3
 com.example.experimentify.SearchResults$4
com/example/experimentify/MainActivity.java
 com.example.experimentify.MainActivity
 com.example.experimentify.MainActivity$1
 com.example.experimentify.MainActivity$2
 com.example.experimentify.MainActivity$3
 com.example.experimentify.MainActivity$4
 com.example.experimentify.MainActivity$5
 com.example.experimentify.MainActivity$6
 com.example.experimentify.MainActivity$7
 com.example.experimentify.MainActivity$8
com/example/experimentify/MapActivity.java
 com.example.experimentify.MapActivity
 com.example.experimentify.MapActivity$1
 com.example.experimentify.MapActivity$2
 com.example.experimentify.MapActivity$3
 com.example.experimentify.MapActivity$4
com/example/experimentify/ExperimentActivity.java
 com.example.experimentify.ExperimentActivity
 com.example.experimentify.ExperimentActivity$1
 com.example.experimentify.ExperimentActivity$2
 com.example.experimentify.ExperimentActivity$3
 com.example.experimentify.ExperimentActivity$4
 com.example.experimentify.ExperimentActivity$5
 com.example.experimentify.ExperimentActivity$6
 com.example.experimentify.ExperimentActivity$7
 com.example.experimentify.ExperimentActivity$8
 com.example.experimentify.ExperimentActivity$9
com/example/experimentify/ExpOptionsFragment.java
 com.example.experimentify.ExpOptionsFragment
 com.example.experimentify.ExpOptionsFragment$1
 com.example.experimentify.ExpOptionsFragment$2
 com.example.experimentify.ExpOptionsFragment$3
 com.example.experimentify.ExpOptionsFragment$4
 com.example.experimentify.ExpOptionsFragment$5
 com.example.experimentify.ExpOptionsFragment$OnFragmentInteractionListener
com/example/experimentify/qrCodeGen.java
 com.example.experimentify.qrCodeGen
com/example/experimentify/User.java
 com.example.experimentify.User
 com.example.experimentify.User$1
com/example/experimentify/ExperimentListAdapter.java
 com.example.experimentify.ExperimentListAdapter
com/example/experimentify/UserListAdapter.java
 com.example.experimentify.UserListAdapter
com/example/experimentify/IntegerTrial.java
 com.example.experimentify.IntegerTrial
com/example/experimentify/Trial.java
 com.example.experimentify.Trial
